>> Sarah Drasner: All right.
It's an exercise time.
What I need you to do is
create a calculator and
it's just gonna be simple addition.
We have two number values, three and
eight is 11 and we're adding these.
And then, we also have this
select that will conditionally
render based on your selection,
my favorite kind of taco is blank.
So the thing that I'm gonna
give you is this CodePen.
All we have in the CodePen
are these SPAN tags.
And you're gonna attach
directives to these SPAN tags.
And then we have this piece,
I didn't even put that select in there,
because I want you to get use to writing
that select with the V model on it.
I gave you something away.
Well, you probably got that part.
So I'm gonna give you ten minutes for
this, if you feel like you need a little
bit more time,
I can give you a little bit more time.
But just a really quick
directives exercise, kay.